===============================================================================
This file lists the portions of this release of 'Arm Compiler 6' that you are
permitted to redistribute and any terms and conditions applicable to such
redistribution. Refer to the End User License Agreement that accompanies this
release of 'Arm Compiler 6' for terms and conditions relating to permitted
redistribution and 'Redistributables'. Any modification or redistribution of
files covered by open-source licenses, whether listed here or not, is subject
to the terms of the applicable open-source license.
===============================================================================

1) Target Libraries(libraries and helper libraries): Redistribution permitted
only in object code form, compiled and linked by Arm Compiler in to Software
Applications developed by you or your permitted users, provided that Software
Applications contain substantial additional functionality. If you choose to
redistribute the whole or any part of Target Libraries, you agree: (a) to
ensure that they are licensed for use only as part of Software Applications
and only for execution on microprocessors manufactured or simulated under
licence from Arm; (b) not to use Arm's or any of its licensors names, logos or
trademarks to market Software Applications; (c) to include valid copyright
notices on Software Applications, and preserve any copyright notices which are
included with, or in, the Target Libraries; and (d) to ensure that any further
redistribution is limited to redistribution by either or both your customers
and your authorised distributors as part of Software Applications and that
your customers and your authorised distributors comply with these terms.

Details of the Target Libraries and their location in your installation:
a) Libraries: C libraries; ABI libraries; Standard C++ libraries; C++ runtime
support libraries; Maths libraries; Software floating-point libraries; VFP
support found in your installation in armlib and libcxx subdirectories at
<install_dir>\lib

b) Helper libraries: ARM Compiler 6 helper libraries found in your
installation at <install_dir>\lib\armlib\h_*

---------------------------------------------------------------------
END OF FILE: redistributables.txt
